Release notes v4.0.0-preview2 (#1269)
dotnet/SqlClient: release-notes/4.0/4.0.0-preview2.md

### Changed

- Various code improvements [#1251](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1251) [#1155](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1155) [#1236](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1236) [#1266](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1266)

### Remove configurable retry logic safety switch

The App Context switch "Switch.Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.EnableRetryLogic" will no longer be required to use the configurable retry logic feature. The feature is now supported in production. The default behavior of the feature will continue to be a non-retry policy, which will need to be overridden by client applications to enable retries.

### SqlLocalDb support is added to Managed SNI

This feature enables users to setup a minimal set of files necessary to start the SQL Server Database Engine. Data Source for **localdb** should always start with `(localdb)`.

- Possible scenarios:

  - `(localdb)\.` This will stablish a connection to default (automatic) instance of localdb which is MSSQLLocalDb
  - `(localdb)\<named instance>`
  - `(localdb)\.\<shared instance name>` (newly added support)

> 

Reviewer: Please fix this text to document only Shared instance support added.

> ### Localdb shared instance support is added to Managed SNI
> 
> This feature enables users to setup a minimal set of files necessary to start the SQL Server Database Engine. Data Source for **localdb** should always start with `(localdb)`.
> 
> - Possible scenarios:
> 
>   - `(localdb)\.` This will stablish a connection to default (automatic) instance of localdb which is MSSQLLocalDb
>   - `(localdb)\<named instance>`
>   - `(localdb)\.\<shared instance name>` (newly added support)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SqlLocalDb shared instance support

SqlLocalDb shared instances are now supported when using Managed SNI.

- Possible scenarios:
  - `(localdb)\.` (connects to default instance of SqlLocalDb)
  - `(localdb)\<named instance>`
  - `(localdb)\.\<shared instance name>` (*newly added support)
  
```
